{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green35\blue37;\red255\green255\blue255;\red163\green85\blue14;
\red67\green0\blue197;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c18431\c19216;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c70588\c41176\c5490;
\cssrgb\c33725\c14118\c81569;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project Specifications\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create an HTML file named 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 index.html
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2 .
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use the 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 <!DOCTYPE html>
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  declaration at the beginning of the file to indicate that it's an HTML document.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 head
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  section that includes a 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 title
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  element with the text "
\f2\b My Resume
\f0\b0 ".
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Inside the 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 body
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  section, write HTML code to create an online resume covering the following aspects:
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Summary
\f0\b0  or objective statement
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Education
\f0\b0  (list degrees, schools, and dates)
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work experience 
\f0\b0 (list job titles, employers, dates, and responsibilities)
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\b\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Skills
\f0\b0  (list relevant skills or areas of expertise)
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Awards, certifications, or other achievements (list any relevant awards, certifications, or other accomplishments)
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use appropriate HTML tags to format the content of each section, such as 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 h1
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  for section headings and 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 ul
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  or 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 ol
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  for lists.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use HTML tags to add a 
\f2\b profile photo 
\f0\b0 of yourself. 
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use relevant anchor tags to create a multi-page website, listing other aspects of your resume such as 
\f2\b Hobbies
\f0\b0  and 
\f2\b Contact
\f0\b0  details.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add a 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 footer
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  element with your name and any copyright information or other disclaimers. (Hint: use the MDN docs for things you don't know how to do: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/footer}}
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Save the 
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17100 \cf4 index.html
\f0\b0\fs38 \cf2  file and open it in a web browser to ensure that it displays correctly.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add your website to your GitHub to start building your portfolio.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Publish your website using GitHub pages and share it here (in the Q&A) with other students. 
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Comment and make suggestions to other students' projects.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Example\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://appbrewery.github.io/capstone-1-example"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs38 \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://appbrewery.github.io/capstone-1-example}}
\fs38 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Requirements\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In order to keep the project within scope (time, energy, resource), you can 
\f2\b only use HTML
\f0\b0  to complete thing project. Even if you know CSS and JS (which we're assuming you don't yet), you are expected to only write the website using HTML.
\fs32 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs38 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Imagine you are a professional developer working on this project. There will be things you don't know, things you want to do but haven't yet learnt how to. As a professional developer, you need to know the limits of your abilities and look up other things in Google, MDN docs, the internet. 
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 FAQs\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 1. Can I use these Capstone projects in my job interviews?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Yes! That's the point of these capstone projects. Unlike course projects, which have solution code and video walkthroughs, Capstone Projects are meant to be entirely your
\f2\b  "own work"
\f0\b0 . There are over a million students who have enrolled on this web development course worldwide. If you add a course project to your portfolio, it's very likely that your client will know it's from this course. The capstone projects on the other hand, have no solution code, no walk through, no design specs. It's it purely your creation So it can definitely be counted as your own work and be added to your portfolio.\cb1 \
\cb3 When I hire developers, I always ask for a portfolio. I consider what they have built by themselves to be far more important than which University they went to or if they have a computer science degree. Many of my friends who are CEOs in multi-nationals and startups agree.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb3 2. What if I don't remember how to do something, even though I watched all the videos?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Watching a video is often not enough to learn a skill. That's why these capstone projects are a great opportunity to identify your weak points. While you're building, you'll find yourself stuck or forgetting how to do things. Great! It's then time to review previous lessons or online documentation to fill your knowledge gaps.\cb1 \
}